README.md, before:

# PHPUnit

PHPUnit is a programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP. It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks.

[![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/phpunit/phpunit.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/phpunit/phpunit)
[![Minimum PHP Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%3E%3D%207.3-8892BF.svg?style=flat-square)](https://php.net/)
[![CI Status](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=9.5&event=push)](https://phpunit.de/build-status.html)
[![Type Coverage](https://shepherd.dev/github/sebastianbergmann/phpunit/coverage.svg)](https://shepherd.dev/github/sebastianbergmann/phpunit)

## Installation

We distribute a [PHP Archive (PHAR)](https://php.net/phar) that has all required (as well as some optional) dependencies of PHPUnit bundled in a single file:

```bash
$ wget https://phar.phpunit.de/phpunit-X.Y.phar

$ php phpunit-X.Y.phar --version
```

Please replace `X.Y` with the version of PHPUnit you are interested in.

Alternatively, you may use [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) to download and install PHPUnit as well as its dependencies. Please refer to the "[Getting Started](https://phpunit.de/getting-started-with-phpunit.html)" guide for details on how to install PHPUnit.

## Contribute

Please refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on how to contribute to PHPUnit and its related projects.

## List of Contributors

Thanks to everyone who has contributed to PHPUnit! You can find a detailed list of contributors on every PHPUnit related package on GitHub. This list shows only the major components:

* [PHPUnit](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit/graphs/contributors)
* [php-code-coverage](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/php-code-coverage/graphs/contributors)

A very special thanks to everyone who has contributed to the documentation and helps maintain the translations:

* [English](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-english/graphs/contributors)
* [Spanish](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-spanish/graphs/contributors)
* [French](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-french/graphs/contributors)
* [Japanese](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-japanese/graphs/contributors)
* [Brazilian Portuguese](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-brazilian-portuguese/graphs/contributors)
* [Simplified Chinese](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-chinese/graphs/contributors)

Commit message:

add php-lint.sh and update README.md, minor fix to phpunit.xsd

README.md, after:

# PUmore

PUmore is PHPUnit fork that add some new features, such as divide tests into chunks.
PHPUnit is a programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP. It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks.

## Installation

For the time being,
We don't distribute a [PHP Archive (PHAR)](https://php.net/phar) yet.
Maybe in the future if someone really needed it.

Alternatively,
you may use [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) to download and install PUmore as well as its dependencies.

The steps are simple :
a. install composer
b. cd project_folder_path
c. composer install phibi/pumore --dev

If you need to install it as Global Package, here is :
a. install composer as Global
b. cd ~.config/composer
--- or any directory you install composer
c. composer global install phibi/pumore

## Contribute

Same as PHPUnit, PUmore also welcome for contributions and idea.
Please refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/steamboatid/pumore/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on how to contribute to PUmore and its related projects.

## List of Contributors

Thanks to everyone who has contributed to PHPUnit! You can find a detailed list of contributors on every PHPUnit related package on GitHub. This list shows only the major components:

* [PHPUnit](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit/graphs/contributors)
* [php-code-coverage](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/php-code-coverage/graphs/contributors)

A very special thanks to everyone who has contributed to the documentation and helps maintain the translations:

* [English](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-english/graphs/contributors)
* [Spanish](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-spanish/graphs/contributors)
* [French](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-french/graphs/contributors)
* [Japanese](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-japanese/graphs/contributors)
* [Brazilian Portuguese](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-brazilian-portuguese/graphs/contributors)
* [Simplified Chinese](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit-documentation-chinese/graphs/contributors)
